.\"	$NetBSD: fsu_fflush.3,v 1.1 2009/03/23 20:54:13 stacktic Exp $
.\" from
.\"	NetBSD: fflush.3,v 1.12 2003/08/07 16:43:22 agc Exp
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1993
.\"	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by
.\" Chris Torek and the American National Standards Committee X3,
.\" on Information Processing Systems.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     @(#)fflush.3	8.1 (Berkeley) 6/4/93
.\"
.Dd March 15, 2009
.Dt FSU_FFLUSH 3
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm fsu_fflush
.Nd flush a stream
.Sh LIBRARY
fsu_utils Library (libfsu_utils, \-lfsu_utils)
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.In fsu_utils.h
.Ft int
.Fn fsu_fflush "FSU_FILE *stream"
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The function
.Fn fsu_fflush
forces a write of all buffered data for the given output or update
.Fa stream
via the stream's underlying write function.
The open status of the stream is unaffected.
.Sh RETURN VALUES
Upon successful completion 0 is returned.
Otherwise,
.Dv EOF
is returned and the global variable
.Va errno
is set to indicate the error.
.Sh ERRORS
.Bl -tag -width Er
.It Bq Er EBADF
.Fa stream
is not a stream open for writing.
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr fsu_fclose 3 ,
.Xr fsu_fopen 3
